I really like the ethos and mindset of self funded companies especially those that are 100% remote. 

I also felt reading through the careers page that there was a focus on a sustainable work life balance and ...


BIO

Seasoned full stack engineer with a focus on building understandable and relatable codebases that solve interesting problems. 
I have a proven track record of developing innovative software solutions for a variety of clients.









I am a seasoned full stack engineer with a 15 year track record of delivering innovative software solutions across multiple technologies and programming languages.  
Some of my achievements include refactoring a mission critical legacy application into the main code base, leading a cross functioal team in developing a Cypress based automated test suite and mentoring junior developers into the next stage of their careers.
I am passonate about life long learning, challenging problems and weighing the merrits of out of the box solutions.







As a Senior Software Engineer at Opencounter 


As a Senior Software Engineer at GitHub, I work on the GitHub Actions Service team, where I build and scale the next platform for Actions, using Kubernetes and Go/Redis based micro-services. 

I have over 15 years of experience in software development, spanning various technologies and programming languages.

I have a proven track record of delivering high-quality products and features, both as an individual contributor and as a team leader. 

Some of my achievements include cutting query time in half for a high traffic database, leading 12 releases of a flagship PHP/WordPress based database migration product, and speaking at a conference of 200 developers about Webpack and refactoring JavaScript. 

I enjoy learning new things, solving complex problems, and mentoring junior developers. 



  Architected a comprehensive solution for GIS ...
  Senior Developer working on ...
  Participated in 
  Lead investigation and build out
  Scaled MySQL queries on particularly high traffic database, cutting query time in half
  Led team
  Collaborate with cross-functional teams
  Lead the development and implementation of Growth initiatives
  Refactored critical

  <li>Architected a comprehensive solution for Postgis/ReactMapGL based rules engine to visualize zoning legislations.</li>
  <li>Led multi-team project to develop a Cypress based automated test suite.</li>
  <li>Core member of team that migrated of our flagship system to React.js.</li>
  <li>Led project to migrate 115k LOC legacy GIS system into our main code base integrating with existing translation and auth systems.</li>








About (peter tasker)
As a Senior Software Engineer at GitHub, I work on the GitHub Actions Service team, where I build and scale the next platform for Actions, using Kubernetes and Go/Redis based micro-services. 

I have over 15 years of experience in software development, spanning various technologies and programming languages.

I have a proven track record of delivering high-quality products and features, both as an individual contributor and as a team leader. 

Some of my achievements include cutting query time in half for a high traffic database, leading 12 releases of a flagship PHP/WordPress based database migration product, and speaking at a conference of 200 developers about Webpack and refactoring JavaScript. 

I enjoy learning new things, solving complex problems, and mentoring junior developers. 

I am also a Triplebyte Certified Generalist Software Engineer, which demonstrates my broad and deep knowledge of software engineering principles and practices.








Seasoned full stack engineer with a focus on building understandable and relatable codebases that solve interesting problems. I have a proven track record of developing innovative software solutions for a variety of clients.

I am always building something and this has led me to reverse engineering a robotic kitty litter box, writing a browser extension that turned 13 this year, transforming a junk drawer Kindle into personal heads up display/calendar, implementing a sun powered Conways Game of Life display, building a pen plotter to bring my generative art to paper.

When I'm not creating I can be found 🏕️ bike packing, skateboarding and 🌊 surfing in the winter waters of the Atlantic.




What attracted you to apply to Bolt?





Tell us a little bit about you and why you think you would be a good fit at Bolt.



